this week's feast Naruto ramen what else
to say about this dish other than that
it is the ramen that Naruto loves to
consume but hold on we're not just
making any packaged noodles this is a
feast of fiction we're doing it legit so
we're gonna make our soup stock out of
pork put the leftover bones and meat in
a pot fill it up with water crush some
ginger and put on the heat scoop off the
scum because that's disgusting well if
you like it then you should have put a
lid on it after it's boiled for a couple
of hours take out your bones and then
stick the whole thing in the fridge this
way when it's frozen the fat has
coagulated to the top and you can scoop
it off and I just heat your soup back up
next using some Yoshida's sauce and Lee
Kum Kee chicken marinade we're gonna
make some delicious pork now the best
pork you can select will both be lean
and still have fat on it fill up a pot
with your sauces and then just dip the
pork inside and turn that heat on flip
it around a couple of times and wait
till it gets to a boil then lower it and
reduce it to a simmer Asian cooking pro
tip if you want to make sure that your
pot doesn't boil over try sticking a
toothpick in between the pot lid and the
pot now after that's been cooked take
out your meat and prepare some
hard-boiled eggs because this part is
pretty fun we're gonna try to blow out
hard-boiled eggs the wages you crack a
little hole in the top and on the bottom
[Music]
then just soaked it back into the same
liquid that you put your fork in now
it's time for handmade noodles we got
cake flour flour baking soda and salt to
mix them together and add a little water
of course you can't use a KitchenAid for
12 minutes or your ninja skills okay boy
no jutsu all right back to the mixer now
we're playing in this in slo-mo so you
can see what the dough should look like
once it's ready it'll stick to the
paddle after that add a little bit of
oil this will make the dough first split
apart but after a couple of seconds it
should attach right back to the paddle
now you're ready to go yes turns out
that hand spinning your own noodles is
actually extremely difficult and would
take many years to master and there's us
messing up so we suggest if you want a
hand make your own noodles go back to
the Legend of Korra episode and look how
we did the Water Tribe noodles you can
actually use the same recipe we use here
just roll it flat and follow the same
instructions but if you really want a
hand pull your own noodles we put some
links in the more info box below that
have some great tutorials on how to do
it yourself all you need is a little bit
of patience and a lot of practice it's
very difficult so good luck the rest of
the ingredient prep is simple cut up
some cilantro and green onions cook some
spinach in some boiling water squeeze it
out and then cut it up to size take your
eggs out and cut them in half then slice
the iconic Naruto Maki cover your
noodles with some broth and carefully
place the ingredients all around
remember presentation is key here
sprinkle it all on at the end and voila
you've got Naruto ramen we like to call
this a faithful recreation of authentic
Japanese ramen now there are many
different ways to make authentic broth
for ramen and this is just our own
recipe we encourage you to actually go
on YouTube and look up some more there
are plenty out there
Happy New Year and congratulations
you've made Naruto
ramen or ramen
[Music]
it's tasty but operated American to make
a lot
good job mom stop gimme I didn't do very
much
[Applause]
[Music]